[Music]
welcome to the breakdown when we break
down all the messed oh [ __ ] now today we
are diving back into the sea that is
called Michael Haneke II who also
directed the [ __ ] up feeling plenty
games now this stars the same guy who
played Paul in that movie and he is
playing a young thirteen-year-old kid
named Benny who loves to watch movies in
his dark bedroom but also behind the
scenes he's a true psychopath and the
best definition of the word now before
we start come on guys click on the bail
be a part in a notification game if you
want to see what happens including all
the mention of parts stay tuned for the
breakdown I don't know who's leading a
pig - it's sad demise they tie him up so
he can't move and then they bring out
the shrapp a captive bolt pistol which
is used to bring a sad death to Wilbur
but don't feel too bad guys you at least
be an animal heading with Charlotte
the video is rewinded and played in slow
motion but then we cut to a party this
party is playing some type of I don't
know game for money but I can already
see someone in the comments telling me
what exactly the game isn't an [ __ ]
attitude so let's cut away suddenly we
see a man come in asking what the [ __ ]
y'all doing in my place looks like the
daughter of this man
organized the party but it is daddy
ain't to matter his little princess then
we see a boy watching the videotape of
the party and also the news the boy is
Benny that the titular character who is
being talked to by his mama worried
about him being locked away in his room
something the father also reiterates
later at night we see Benny scramble in
bed probably thinking about something to
jerk off to every boy does it ladies
well the next day we see old Benny and
his friend here talking while Zack &
Cody fight in the background then Benny
seems to get some money he is old by
this guy telling him he will be the
first co-pilot
the same game that the sister was
playing benni uses his money to get some
McDonald's but still looks up in the
menu even though he knows what he wants
I thought I was the only one to do this
I already know what I want look at the
damn menu anyway then after some
unhealthy eating Benny visits a video
store eventually scoping a possible girl
to talk to he's not talk to her though
instead we cut to him going to sleep
again and I'm hot as pajamas I never
liked sleeping at pajamas like that the
next morning his people are gone for a
day or two so that must mean it's time
to bring a female over well first he's
got to go to school to practice in the
singing choir but we've seen the
background that biddies at the
tippity-top of an operation that brings
money to him I guess this is that same
game
either that or Benny is running a drug
off oh well actually I guess I guess he
I guess we do have a little kingpin here
well after getting the rags Benny has
some more racks in his mind that
probably aren't developed yet okay
forget that so what I mean is he goes
back to the video place but strikes up a
wonderful successful conversation with
the girl outside who loves the window
wash it was so successful that he
actually gets her to come to his place
probably with the promise of watching
movies he brings it to his room and she
adds what's on TV and he says it's a
live view of outside ain't nobody gonna
split and show their way into Benny's
place well after he shows it what it's
like to be an actress she gets a little
responsive and wants to go back home to
her parents and her brothers and sisters
but to keep her there he faces her a
meal then they watch that video we saw
in the beginning which turns out was
recorded by Benny curious about the pig
she as if he ever seen a dead body and
you pause no but I asked not yet he then
shows the stolen captive bolt pistol
that killed the pig he gives it to her
telling her to pull the trigger but she
was too scared he then picks it up
pointing it towards her she thinks he is
a coward but rather he is careless and
psychopathic
because he does pull the trigger causing
her to drop down to the floor Cline she
tries to get away which is
pretty sad to hear but we see on the TV
that Binney is struggling with her he
grabs the bolt pistol again shooting her
a second time he just promotes and
increases her agony and it takes a third
shot through the brain to actually kill
her and then he says down right after
doing something that didn't need to be
done we didn't see him casually covered
his body surging through her stuff and
cleani blood all out of the sheets now
it's time to clean up on the floor which
shows a sad demise of a once living girl
oops so much to live for I don't want to
sound disrespectful but this is why we
can't trust anybody nowadays because
everybody is a sick [ __ ] I wish she just
went home well later he think it's a
call from his friend plenty to hang out
later and after he record himself
touching the blood from the girl and
showing the body this [ __ ] looks too
real after turning her over he hides her
body before going to hang with some
friends he also stays over at their
house for tonight then the next day
Benny there's a lot and plenty of
different stuff and Clooney tried to
visit his absent sister at her friend's
house for some reason though he stops at
a barber shop and acts the barber for
that Jimmy Hopkins cut he gets his whole
hair cut off and goes home to his
parents who were shocked at his new
haircut
his father riddikulus him about it but
Benny ignores his father completely
until he blocks him from walking away we
then see that Benny hid the girl's body
in a cabinet and we cut to the next
morning Benny gets in big trouble for
punching his friend in the stomach and
is sent to the principal office for a
good lecture but instead of going to the
principal's office he skips to trip
entirely going home and getting some
milk so he can read some car zones then
we see Benny watching the news with his
mom behind him the moment his father
comes in he turns the video of him
killing that girl on and both parents
watch as Benny murders the girl just
like we did well
Wikipedia said they were disturbed but
this ain't disturbed to be disturbed is
getting the phone and making sure your
son goes to prison the boy then shows
them the body and instead of a
heartbreaking sadness they asked if
there were any witnesses well the dad is
asking because the mom don't know how to
act saves their peers want to keep this
under wraps and send their little less
than empathetic killer to bed dad is
struggling to figure out what to do
but prison or detention is on the list
because it will ruin Benny's life what
about that girl's life
Benny Doe is ass away and soon as you
take someone else's life in a senseless
crime your life should be well over to
the parents plot to burn up the girls
things and to cut the girl up in small
pieces so small that they can flush her
down the toilet to do that they want
Benny out of the house so the father has
given the grim task and the mother and
Benny are told to take a trip to Egypt
okay I ain't gonna lie this whole part
was boring as hell but Benny and mommy
go to Egypt landing and already they go
to examine some sites later that night
we see the two sleeping in bed and
honestly the only reason I'm talking
about this scene it's because I can't
possibly fathom why people sleep on one
pillow trust me guys roommate snores a
lot so I know how many pillows you need
anyway after more slicing which I'm sure
probably had lots to decipher the days
passed and eventually we go to another
night we see the Mamas Pig and many this
is a good idea to come in and record
someone where they are most vulnerable
then the next day we see Benny takes a
handed flogging but I don't think no sub
count is gonna go up from this weird ass
video later that night while the two
watch TV the mom starts getting sick and
sad breaking down over the side of the
bed and convulsing see guys this is why
you don't
I don't know just don't kill because it
affects everybody well that was the last
day so Benny and mom are now back from
Egypt
Benny enters his room seeing a room that
looks a lot cleaner and better than
before
looks like the father succeeded in
cutting up the body he then talks to his
son about it asking why he did it
beta replies just to see what it was
like to kill someone that's what all the
psycho killers say I think the father is
asking because he sort of probably is
kind of interested in murder - don't
quote me on that though baby sees for
himself that the body is gone in the
next morning we see Benny dressed and
ready to record a party for his sister
again makes the parents have Benny
watched the video of the party and then
we cut to Benny singing in the choir
observed by his parents then we cut to a
video that Benny recorded with the
parents planning how to get rid of the
body
suddenly a man speaks who seems to be a
police officer
it looks like Benny is in trouble but
rather Benny seems to be telling the
truth of what happened but just a little
different
Benny is telling the story of what
happened as if he didn't kill her but
rather the parents did the wording
implications of parents as the murderers
and this is supported because they don't
place him under arrest the movie ends as
we see they let Benny go and as he walks
into his parents outside who don't know
how much trouble they are in he says
sorry as he didn't care it all that he
just blamed his parents for murder we
last see camera footage of the parents
and the to get called in for questioning
it's the credits roll wow what an evil
bastard but at the same time if they
just put their little devil in prison
and still trying to protect him then he
would have got what he deserved and they
would have been good parents parents are
supposed to be role models I'm supposed
to do right by you
role models don't hide your crimes and
they definitely don't keep your
murdering ass out into society ok we are
done yet let's talk about the mostess
3rd moment and most enjoyable waiting
that spooky stuff
[Music]
okay let's get right into it the mostest
third moment is undoubtedly the murder
of the girl it was a senseless crime
that she didn't deserve plus the video
and hear her last fries were so real and
sad to witness the most enjoyed moment
was probably just Benny going to
McDonald's probably because I'm hungry
as hell and that's it I hope you guys
enjoyed this video and if you did make
sure you check out funny games if you
haven't already but remember it was an
early video so yeah it wouldn't all that
good what am I talking about it's not
even all that good now but anyway click
on that pretty spooky rider logo to
subscribe today and remember the bail
join the game come on thanks for
watching spooky owl